fix(gen): Update links to FAQ for all products (#4641)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/account/reference-content/products-availability.mdx

|                           | Audit Trail                           | Across Paris region    | Across Amsterdam region | Not available yet      |

> * \* All Glacier data is stored in [Paris DC4](/objectstorage/faq/#why-are-glacier-objects-stored-in-paris-dc4-is-it-accessible-from-buckets-in-all-locations).

Author: ```suggestion
* \* All Glacier data is stored in [Paris DC4](/object-storage/faq/#why-are-glacier-objects-stored-in-paris-dc4-is-it-accessible-from-buckets-in-all-locations).
```
